feat(docs): add GID/UID changes to 1.22 release preview (#2002)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: community/releases/next-release-preview/index.md

This change should not introduce any interruptions to a vanilla install of `deck`. However, if you've already made navigational changes to your group's instance of `deck` or created custom banners/headers for your app, you may need to make updates. The pattern for creating new routes in the side nav can be observed in the feature's PR:

https://github.com/spinnaker/deck/pull/8239

> ### (Breaking Change) Spinnaker Dockerfile GID/UID changes

Reviewer: I'd be inclined to put the breaking changes a the top, what do you think?

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: good call - done!

The Dockerfile of each Spinnaker microservice (except Halyard and Deck) now
specifies an explicit GID and UID of `10111` for the `spinnaker` user.

This is only a breaking change if you were relying on the previous
non-deterministically assigned GID and UID

> (e.g., in a custom Kubernetes [security context](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(for example, in a custom Kubernetes [security context](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)).
```

Author: fixed, thanks!
